feat(logs): initial work on develop docs for sdk logging api (#12920)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/sdk/data-model/envelope-items.mdx

**Envelope Headers:**

_None_

**Additional Item Headers:**

_None_

### Log

Item type `"log"` contains an array of log payloads encoded as JSON. This allows for multiple log payloads to be sent in a single envelope item.

Only a single log item is allowed per envelope. The `item_count` field in the envelope item header must match the amount of logs sent, it's not optional. A `content_type` field in the envelope item header must be set to `application/vnd.sentry.items.log+json`.

It's okay to mix logs from different traces into the same log envelope item, but if you do, you MUST not attach a DSC (dynamic sampling context) to the envelope header.

See the <Link to="/sdk/telemetry/logs">Logs</Link> documentation for the payload
details.

Example:

```json
{
	"type": "log",
	"item_count": 5,
	"content_type": "application/vnd.sentry.items.log+json"
}
{
	"items": [{..log..}, {..log..}, {..log..}, {..log..}, {..log..}]
}
```

**Constraints:**

_None_

**Envelope Headers:**

_None_

**Additional Item Headers:**

`item_count`

> : **integer, required.** The number of log items in the envelope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: **integer, required.** The number of log entries in the item.
```

It's just scoped to the item, unfortunately naming clashes here "log item" and "envelope item"

Author: Naming is hard - good catch, will fix.

*None*

### Logs

Item type `"logs"` contains a logs payload encoded as JSON. Multiple log envelope items can be sent in a single envelope.

See the <Link to="/sdk/telemetry/logs">Logs</Link> documentation for the payload
details.

**Constraints:**

*None*

**Envelope Headers:**

*None*

**Additional Item Headers:**

*None*

### Otel Logs

> Item type `"otel_logs"` contains a OpenTelemetry Logs payload encoded as JSON. Multiple Otel log envelope items can be sent in a single envelope.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Item type `"otel_logs"` contains an OpenTelemetry Logs payload encoded as JSON. Multiple Otel log envelope items can be sent in a single envelope.
```

See the <Link to="/sdk/telemetry/logs">Logs</Link> documentation for the payload
details.

**Constraints:**

*None*

**Envelope Headers:**

*None*

**Additional Item Headers:**

*None*

> 

Reviewer 3: Why do we have both? Our SDKs emit an envelope with the `logs` item type. How does the `otel_logs` envelope item differs here? As in, if we want to support OTLP logs, why not ingesting them as is instead of maintaining two Sentry specific formats?

Author: We initially started with `otel_log` as the baseline interface. We wanted to use that as the foundation because it meant at minimum we were OTEL compatible, but it also pointed us to a variety of things to think about.

We are documenting the `otel_log` format for completeness, given we might need to use this in the future.

For the foreseeable future, all SDKs will send events with the `log` payload and envelope item. You can see what this looks like here: https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/4592

I've added documentation for the `log` payload, and clarified this: 3ff6e568b5e40648b49c2d64240e45dfb12ae63d
